README.md, before:

# Dragon Cave Lineage Database

![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/brittaniSavery/dc-lineage-db)
![Issues Open](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/brittaniSavery/dc-lineage-db)

An online database for lineages and breedings of the digital dragons from the creature collection game, [Dragon Cave](https://dragcave.net/). The original motivation for this tool was two-fold: the continuation of learning react and the need for easier lineage management.

## ⚙ Technologies Used

- [React](https://reactjs.org/)
- [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/)
- [MongoDB](https://www.mongodb.com/)
- [Bulma](https://bulma.io/)
- [Jest](https://jestjs.io/)

## 📃 TODO List

- [x] Footer (github link & copyright)
- [ ] Pagination for database and user lineages
- [ ] Filter for user lineages

## 🤝 Contributing

All sorts of contributions are welcomed! To suggest a feature request or report a bug, feel free to create an issue [here](https://github.com/brittaniSavery/dc-lineage-db/issues).

If you're a coder yourself and want to help, awesome! Fork this repo, make your changes, and then create a pull request. Check the following Github docs to get started: ["Working with forks"](https://help.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/working-with-forks) and ["Creating a pull request from a fork"](https://help.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request-from-a-fork).

## 👋🏾 Author

Brittani S Avery: Writer, Coder, Gamer, Nerd. Find me on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/brittanisavery) or my [blog](https://www.brittanisavery.com/blog).

Commit message:

Update README to include link to projects

README.md, after:

# Dragon Cave Lineage Database

![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/brittaniSavery/dc-lineage-db)
![Issues Open](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/brittaniSavery/dc-lineage-db)

An online database for lineages and breedings of the digital dragons from the creature collection game, [Dragon Cave](https://dragcave.net/). The original motivation for this tool was two-fold: the continuation of learning react and the need for easier lineage management.

## ⚙ Technologies Used

- [React](https://reactjs.org/)
- [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/)
- [MongoDB](https://www.mongodb.com/)
- [Bulma](https://bulma.io/)
- [Jest](https://jestjs.io/)

## 📃 TODO List

Check out the current [projects](https://github.com/brittaniSavery/dc-lineage-db/projects) to see what features are coming next.

## 🤝 Contributing

All sorts of contributions are welcomed! To suggest a feature request or report a bug, feel free to create an issue [here](https://github.com/brittaniSavery/dc-lineage-db/issues).

If you're a coder yourself and want to help, awesome! Fork this repo, make your changes, and then create a pull request. Check the following Github docs to get started: ["Working with forks"](https://help.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/working-with-forks) and ["Creating a pull request from a fork"](https://help.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request-from-a-fork).

## 👋🏾 Author

Brittani S Avery: Writer, Coder, Gamer, Nerd. Find me on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/brittanisavery) or my [blog](https://www.brittanisavery.com/blog).
